# Script
 There exists a "Digital Divide" between web-developers and internet users in the United States. While web-developers usually have top-notch internet conenctions, the US population's internet varies greatly (insert graph I will generate with MBA data). Also, many of the testbeds are hosted on universities across America. One such testbed is GENI, which my project is focused on. This means that that the testbeds are subject to very similar network settings, making them very undiverse [1]  
 What stems from this Digital Divide is a situation where due to the fact that developers do not test their advancements on a variety of realistic networks, many of the advancements made do not work as intended for millions of Americans who have different internet speeds. A potential solution which I worked on is with testbeds. Oftentimes, developers only use a single device, or a small sample of similar nodes to run tests. The introduction of testbeds has changed this. Researchers can now test their advancements on testbeds, but as stated early, most of these testbeds are run with University settings, or other unrealistic settings. For example, the default link speed on GENI is 100 megabits per second, and many researchers do not change the speed to something more realistic. Also, default latency and packet loss on GENI is zero, which does not at all represent real household network connections.
 However, it is possible to change the settings of the nodes in a topology on a testbed: characteristics such as link capacity, download speed, upload speed, latency, jitter, and packet loss can all be implemented into the system. I used data from the Measuring Broadband America program in order to acquire this information. Measuring Broadband America uses volunteer panelists that match statistics from other datasets with percentage of each state with x speed and y technology (etc.). 
 Our goal was to create more realistic networks on GENI. With more realistic networks to test on, researchers should be able to make advancements that have a better impact on more Americans' internet.


## Citations
[1] [https://isis.poly.edu/~jcappos/papers/muhammad_seattle_geni_12.pdf](https://isis.poly.edu/~jcappos/papers/muhammad_seattle_geni_12.pdf)
